README.md, before:

Tuxedo CSS Editor
=================
Contributors: andtrev  
Tags: customizer, css, sass, less, preview, live, customise  
Requires at least: 3.4  
Tested up to: 4.5  
Stable tag: 1.0  
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Edit Sass and Less CSS live in the WordPress customizer.

Description
-----------

Edit Sass and Less CSS and watch it update live in the WordPress customizer.

Syntax highlighting editor with options for color themes and font sizes.

Sass and Less preprocessor options for compressed or uncompressed output.

Easily download processed output as a standalone css file.

Installation
------------

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/tuxedo-css-editor` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress.
3. Use the Appearance -> Customizer -> Tuxedo CSS Editor screen to configure the plugin.

Changelog
---------

### 1.0
* Initial release.

Commit message:

version 1.0.1 halved size of plugin

README.md, after:

Tuxedo CSS Editor
=================
Contributors: andtrev  
Tags: customizer, css, sass, less, preview, live, customise  
Requires at least: 3.4  
Tested up to: 4.5  
Stable tag: 1.0.1  
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Edit Sass and Less CSS live in the WordPress customizer.

Description
-----------

Edit Sass and Less CSS and watch it update live in the WordPress customizer.

Syntax highlighting editor with options for color themes and font sizes.

Sass and Less preprocessor options for compressed or uncompressed output.

Easily download processed output as a standalone css file.

Installation
------------

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/tuxedo-css-editor` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress.
3. Use the Appearance -> Customizer -> Tuxedo CSS Editor screen to configure the plugin.

Changelog
---------

### 1.0.1
* Removed unused files from Ace, reducing overall plugin size by half.

### 1.0
* Initial release.
